c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe.config
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.pdb
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\Interop.KinectManagement.dll
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.g.resources
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.pdb
c:\users\viktar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Kinect.Toolbox.dll
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Kinect.Toolbox.pdb
C:\Users\viktar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\MainWindow.xaml.cs
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe.config
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\Interop.KinectManagement.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.pdb
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\MainWindow.xaml.cs
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.exe
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\KinectSetupDev.pdb
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Kinect.Toolbox.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Toolkit.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Kinect.Toolbox.pdb
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.g.resources
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Semestr6\Kinect\KinectSetupDev\KinectSetupDev\obj\Debug\KinectSetupDev.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
